Refactoring the Watchdog alert page (#20853)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/watchdog/alerts/_index.md

Watchdog starts finding anomalies once the minimum required history is available and then keeps improving as history grows. Best performances are obtained with 6 weeks of history.

[1]: /integrations/system/
[2]: /integrations/redisdb/
[3]: /integrations/postgres/
[4]: /integrations/nginx/
[5]: /integrations/amazon_web_services/
[6]: /integrations/amazon_s3/
[7]: /integrations/amazon_elb/
[8]: /integrations/amazon_cloudfront/
[9]: /integrations/amazon_dynamodb/
[10]: /integrations/amazon_rds/
[11]: /containers/amazon_ecs/?tab=awscli
[12]: /serverless/
[13]: /containers/docker/?tab=standard
[14]: /containers/kubernetes/installation/?tab=operator
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Custom Anomaly detection

Watchdog leverages the same seasonal algorithms that power monitors and dashboards. To look for anomalies on other metrics or to fine tune the sensitivity the following algorithms are available:

* [Anomaly monitors][10]
* [Forecast monitors][11]
* [Outlier monitors][12]

## Where to find Watchdog alerts

Watchdog alerts appear in three places within the Datadog site:

* The [Watchdog Alerts explorer][1]
* On any individual [APM Service Page][3]
* In the [Service Catalog][7]

> * In the [Watchdog insight panel][8] available on all explorers 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the [Watchdog Insights panel][8], available on all explorers 
```

> ### Watchdog Binoculars in APM pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Watchdog binoculars on APM pages
```

When Watchdog detects an irregularity in an APM metric, the pink Watchdog binoculars icon appears next to the impacted service in the [APM Service Catalog][7].

{{< img src="watchdog/service_list.png" alt="Screenshot of the Service Catalog, showing 5 services. A pink binoculars icon follows the name of the web-store service." style="width:75%;" >}}

> You can see greater detail about a metric anomaly by navigating to the top of the [Service page][3] with the [Watchdog Insights][8] carousel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see greater detail about a metric anomaly by navigating to the top of a [Service Page][3] with the [Watchdog Insights][8] carousel.
```

You can also find the Watchdog icon on metric graphs.

{{< img src="watchdog/latency_graph.png" alt="A graph showing service latency, in seconds, on the y-axis and the time of day on the x-axis. The entire graph is highlighted in pink, and the words May 2: 13:31 Ongoing appear at the top" style="width:75%;" >}}

> Click on the binoculars icon to see a Watchdog alert card with more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the binoculars icon to see a Watchdog Alert card with more details.
```

## Manage archived alerts

> In a Watchdog alert's side panel, click the folder icon in the upper-right corner to archive it. Archiving hides the alert from the explorer, as well as other places in the Datadog site, like the home page. If an alert is archived, the pink Watchdog binoculars icon does not show up next to the relevant service or resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To archive a Watchdog Alert, open the side panel and click the folder icon in the upper-right corner. Archiving hides the alert from the explorer, as well as other places in Datadog, like the home page. If an alert is archived, the pink Watchdog binoculars icon does not show up next to the relevant service or resource.
```

> To see archived alerts, select the checkbox option to "Show N archived alerts" in the top left of the [Watchdog Alerts explorer][1]. The option is only available if there is at least one alert archived. You can also see who archived each alert and when it was archived, and restore archived alerts to your feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see archived alerts, select the checkbox option to **Show _N_ archived alerts** in the top left of the [Watchdog Alert Explorer][1]. The option is only available if at least one alert is archived. You can see who archived each alert and when it was archived, and restore archived alerts to your feed.
```
